Add button margin (#45)
App2Sales/react-native-switch-selector: README.md

| disableValueChangeOnPress  | bool                    | false       | false    | Disables the onPress call when the value is manually changed                     |
| fontSize                   | number                  | null        | false    | Font size from labels. If null default fontSize of the app is used.              |
| selectedColor              | string                  | '#fff'      | false    | Color text of the item selected                                                  |

> | buttonMargin               | string                  | null        | false    | Margin of the item selected to the component                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| buttonMargin               | number                  | 0         | false    | Margin of the item selected to the component                                     |
```
